A measure of similarity between graph vertices: Applications to synonym extraction and web searching
P15
Application of Automatic Extraction of Synonyms from dictionary

Automatic Discovery of Similar Words
P2
Methods of discovering similar words from a large corpus
a. straight forward method: document vector space model and cosine similarity measure
b. term vector space model and term discrimination values
c. partial syntactical analysis

Automatic discovery of synonyms and lexicalizations from the Web
P4
Synonym and lexicalizations discovery based on search engine query

Automatic ontology-based knowledge extraction from web documents
P3
Architecture of knowledge extraction system for artists

Automatic Synonym Extraction
P1
Models based on the subject and object relation give the most consistent result. 
Models based on adjective modifications gives the best results.
P2
Words with similar meaning tend to occur in similar contexts and a word's meaning can be modelled as a function of the contexts it occurs in. 
P3
Distributional models: a word's meaning can be induced from the contexts it appears in. 

Data mining for web intelligence
General introduction of data mining for web intelligence

Ez. wordnet: Principles for automatic generation of a coarse grained wordnet
P6
A set of semantic and probabilistic rules to either collapse synsets very similar in meaning or drop synsets that are very rarely used. 

Finding synonyms using automatic word alignment and measures of distributional similarity
P1
How to make a clear distinction between synonyms on one hand and related words such as antonyms on the other hand. Maybe we can use translations!!!

Graph-based word clustering using a web search engine
P1 
word clustering for Japanese 

Measuring semantic similarity between words using web search engines

Mining the Web for Synonyms: PMI-IR versus LSA on TOEFL
PMI algorithm

Ontology learning from text: A survey of Methods
P5
Three kinds of ontology
P9
Bootstrapping 

Semi-automatic ontology extension using spreading activation
P6
Spreading Activation Processing over the Semantic Network

